Episode 11: Don't say this is a mistake
because this is the second kiss.
What is wrong with you?
Let's first go.
Do you really like men that much?
You can meet a guy better than him anytime...
Anytime?
ANYTIME?!
You...are charming.
Didn't I tell you not to talk nonsense?
It is not nonsense!
Don't see any other guys, and don't go on any more blind dates.
I don't like you meeting other guys!
I really don't like it!
Then what...?
What do you want me to do?
I just told you. Don't meet other guys
until you pay me back the $50,000.
You crazy bastard!
So, that's what it's about. For $50,000?
You damn player!
Get lost!
Your get lost, bastard!
If you look like that, what's going to happen?
Is it fun playing with money?
Enough!
Stop it!
You... leave!
Leave... I told you to leave.
We aren't going to be meeting each other again in the future, so leave.
I told you to leave. Leave! Leave! Leave!
Why don't you hurry up and leave!
Are you deaf?
I told you to leave!
Leave!
♫ In  sadness my desire grows.♫
♫ Although I love you I must let you go. If I do that, ♫
♫ Even if I'm pushed, I won't leave.♫
♫  Don't be sad. While time passes. ♫
♫Between us we don't know being alone.♫
You leave, too!
Didn't you have something to say to me
after sending that guy off?
Don't misunderstand.  Because I didn't take your side.
But you didn't take his side as well!
From now on, if you need money, ask me.
Just keep on fooling around...
It's turning me on, now that I've haven't heard it in a while.
You're being crazy ... acting crazy.
This is good. Yes, this is it. Do it again!
I feel sorry for you.
Do you know how sexy you are?
Mom!
Are you crazy?
Mom! It's a pervert!
Who is it? Who is it?
Over there!
Hey! Come here! What are you doing not stopping?
What's the use of two men coming at me like that?
When one of the jerks open his mouth, it's always about $50,000,
and the other jerk is a crazy pervert!
Why do only the useless jerks get attracted to me?
What's the use of spending a fortune, straightening my hair?
What's the use of taking my sister's pretty clothes to wear?
What's the use of spending $30 to buy a lipstick?
I think I'm going to explode.... I'm going to explode.
♫  After receiving a toy,  looking at it and ♫
♫  hugging it, you inevitably throw  it away ♫
Like a child who forgets already when it's tomorrow
♫the person who gave it to him. ♫
♫   My beautiful person. ♫
♫ You know I gave you my heart. ♫
♫  Pretty like a toy ♫
♫ You played with it with your hand for a while>♫
♫ And my heart was swamped with concern.  ♫
♫  My lover,  my person who is callous. ♫
♫  My beautiful person. ♫
Ohhhh... oh... That hurts. It hurts!
What are you looking at?
You don't even have eyes!
You're so fat!
Hey! Hurry up! You can't be tired already?
It's barely been 1 kilometer.
Let's not run but walk.
I think my joints are being labored ...
With that body, I'm sure it is being labored.
Let's go!
Don't go so fast!
Good job!
You should crush that player!
If not, he will probably think he's cool.
He's not a player.
Returning to his old girlfriend makes him a player?
Didn't he tell you not to see other men?
Then will he break up with Yoo Hee Jin?
I didn't ask about that though.
There's no point asking.
Do you know what you are to that jerk?
You don't fully meet his needs ...
He's just using you to pass time.
What?
You really are tenacious.
Do you really want to say those cruel words?
You don't even have courage, yet you're trying to be a nice person?!
Just wait a little.  After the apartment gets sold, let's open up our own store!
Store?!
Let's go!
What store is she talking about?
Go straight!
Fighting! Wait for me!
Not just bread, but you are saying you need a patissier?
Yes.
Then why did you let Sam Soon quit?
Did X-Man say that?
What? X-Man?
The spy that President Na sent!
Why are you so shocked? Weren't we playing along together?
Anyway, why did Sam Soon quit?
President Na doesn't need to know this.
Just lend me a baker until I find someone else.
Shut up! This is your problem. You sort it out yourself. I don't care.
Then can I just ask Chris?
Do whatever you want.
I will then.
I know who X-Man is so stop playing Go-Stop.
Don't end up with Pi-Bak. [Being penalized in Go-Stop]
Why you little...
Hey!
Come in!
Has X-Man been caught?
What's X-Man?
That guy from the restaurant!
But what do you mean, "get caught?"
Jin Hyun says he knows who it is!
How?
That's why I'm asking right now!
First, we start a online store on the internet.
Then when business gets good, we'll open up a real shop.
It's for real right?
Really?
I put the apartment on sale for under the market value, so it will probably sell fast.
After we sell it, pay back the $50,000,
then use the rest of the money for business.
Sister.
No need to feel moved.
You are great at making cakes anyway.
You make the cakes, and I will sell manage.
Don't you get the "feel"?
"Feel" is coming.
It's coming fast!
Anyway, the Miller Sisters is going to create a problem.
It's time to spread our wings.
Spread our wings!
Feeling... feeling...
Where are you going? Come do the rest!
Hey!
Catch me!
Yes, it would be good to have that much experience,
and if it's  someone who is responsible and diligent,
it'll be even better.
If there's skill, then we can always negotiate the salary.
Yes, so please take care of it.
You're not the only pastry chef around.
Summer 2005
The sweet seduction begins.
Exhale while lifting the thigh, arm in the front.. Slowly.
Once again ... Inhale... Exhale...
Should I call her?
No. Just wait and see.
She's the prettiest one...
I know.
It's such a waste...
She'd look a lot better than Ok Joo Hyun, if she gains some weight.
Who's Ok Joo Hyun?
You don't know? Fin.K.L?
What is Fin.K.L? A new ice cream?
Oh gosh...
Let's go.
You're not going to meet Hee Jin?
Not today.
Excuse me.
What a handsome looking guy!
I know!
I'm sorry!
Are you okay?
Welcome!
Hello.
Come in.
Thank you.
Come here!
Come here! Is he really that good looking up close?
He's not human. He's like a statue!
Is that the woman who pushed Sam Soon away?
That's right! She's the old girlfriend.
Sam Soon can't compete with her...
Yeah... If it was me, I would pick her.
I still think Sam Soon is better!
What is she like? Looks like a pair of chopsticks!
What kind of blessing was she born with  to have our president as her boyfriend,
and have such a good looking man as a friend!
That's what I'm saying!
Should we put in some more chili paste?
It's enough!
Is is good?
Why? You want some?
No.
You are probably the only unemployed girl eating steak in all of South Korea.
You think I want to?
You try eating a steak with no seasoning. It's torture!
There are so many ways of losing weight. Why choose this method?
How many times do I have to tell you?
The worst enemy to dieting is carbohydrates!
As if steak is not enough, wearing a $300 pajamas!
You senseless wench.
Stop it mom. It's her last struggle.
What kind of meat is this... so tough.
Isn't this from a working cow!
How is the food?
It's good!
It's nothing, really.
By the way...
Is Sophie here? I had a question I wanted to ask her.
She's not working here anymore.
What are you going to ask her?
It's nothing...
Don't worry about it.
It must be someone's birthday at the guesthouse.
It's because of a cake.
She doesn't have that much spare time.
Just buy it from anywhere.
Oh, because she's busy looking for a new job.
Eat.
You want to sleep over?
No, I have something to do at home.
What?
Just this and that...
Then come drink some tea and then go...
I drank a lot of tea today. If I drink anymore, I'm not going to be able to sleep.
I feel like a widow throwing a tantrum.
Oh! Where can you find such a pretty widow?
Someone would've taken you already.
I'm going... Get home safely!
It's so good!
This is really good. This is heaven.
There is not much in life.
Today, I'll eat what I can. I can start dieting again tomorrow!
Sam Shik
Hello?
Why weren't you answering your phone?
I asked why you didn't answer the phone?
Because I didn't want to...
When are you coming to take the bike?
Oh that's right! The bike!
Come and take it now.
Right now? I'll come pick it up tomorrow!
No, you have to come take it now!
Do you know what time it is?
Do you know how much stress this bike gave me?
Why? Did the bike say something?
Yes, it speaks so much I can't sleep at night.
Hurry and take it!
Just endure it for one more day.
I'll come tomorrow morning and get it!
Come and take it right now, or I'm going to trade it in for candy.
♫ What's the matter with me that I'm doing this? ♫
♫  Why is some one like me in a tizzy? ♫
♫  But it's never happened twice to me. ♫
♫ No way is it because you have some to see me .♫
Take this with you too.
Is it nice, not having to work?
It's Nilniri Mambo (a song about being carefree).
You'll gain more weight if you don't work.
Why worry?
Looks like you already gained some.
Just mind your own business, Mister President.
Be careful not to scratch the door on your way out!
We'll see about that...
"Momo"
Oh, Mi Joo asked me to buy her that...
Did you ride it?
No!
My tires are flat!
Really?
Did you pop it on purpose?
Am I a kid?
Men, until they are fathers, are all kids.
Really, old lady?
What!?
Aren't all women past the age of thirty old ladies?
Do you have anything to pump the wheel back up?
Nope, I don't have things like that.
It won't work then.
You're going to give me a ride right?
What?
Then, do you expect me to carry this from here all the way home?
Turn some music on.
Let's just go like this.
Why do you keep getting mad?
When was I?
You've been angry this from before!
Just mind your own business, old lady!
What did you do with Min Hyun Woo that night?
What did you do?
Just mind your own business, Mister President!
Right when my heart starts to settle down,
he calls me out again.
Is he trying to brag that his side profile's handsome or something?
And why are his fingers so long?
He's whiter than me.
Anyway, why does he just do things to annoy me?
What are you looking at?
Aren't you scared of driving?
I'm not scared.
Then why were taking a taxi?
Let's go quietly.
Okay.
Pervert, pervert.
Are you saying that to me?
Oh my, you have good hearing! You heard that?
Is this your first time hearing me saying bad things?
Why is your name Sam Soon?
Are your older sisters named Il (One) Soon and Yee (Two) Soon?
You sure are asking so soon.
They thought that I was a boy before I was born,
but when a girl just popped out ...
my grandfather just named me out of anger.
Then what does $50,000 have to do with your house?
Before my dad passed away,
he put up our house as  security when he co-signed for a debt, but it's taking effect now.
But, why are you asking this?
Just because.
Then let me ask something too!
That day, how did you get out of the bathroom?
X-Man helped me.
X-Man? You caught X-Man?
Yes.
How? Who is it?
I can't tell you without anything in return!
So immature!
If you start work again, I'll tell you.
Ha, how selfish! Never mind, forget it!
Queen of Smiles
Answer it.
No need.
Should I answer for you?
Never mind.
Who's the "queen of smiles"?
I said there was no need!
Is it Yoo Hee Jin?
Answer it! If not, it seems like you're cheating on her!
Who's cheating?
That's why just answer it!
Yeah, It's me.
I called because I couldn't sleep.
What are you doing?
Oh, I'm just listening to music.
What are you listening to?
Oh, FM radio.
Yeah? Then I have to listen too!
This reminds me of old times.
We used to listen to the same music and talk on the phone all night.
Oh, there's a red light! Stop, stop, stop!
Be careful! Something could have happened!
Is there someone with you?
Jin Hyun?
Hee Jin, I'm driving right now. I'll call you later.
What?
Get out.
Since we're already here,
why don't you take me all the way to the house?
Get out and take your bike!
I don't want to!
Since you called me out, take responsibility!
Get out.
Ah, so this is how men lie.
Having another woman next to them
and pretending that they are alone.
Thanks for the lesson, Sam Shik!
Do you want a lesson fee?
What's wrong with you?
You were the one who did something wrong!
Don't take it out on me!
Kim Sam Soon!
What Mr. President?
Don't just make cakes, but learn some manners as well.
Don't worry!
Even if I don't have any manners, I won't have an affair!
Who said I'm having an affair?
You just did now! You lied!
Your face went completely pale.  Do you know how ridiculous you looked?
Wh-wh-when did I?
Look! You're even stuttering.
Also, why are you making me into a fool?
Why out of everyrhing did you have me sit right next to you while you lied?!
Making me feel dirty!
That's why I said I wasn't going to answer!
Not answering the phone, is cheating!
Hey!
Do you like me?
Do you know how weird you were today?
Don't think about it. Just say what comes to your mind.
Do you like me?
Didn't we already have this conversation?
Who wants to have a girl like you?
You are not my type. Do you know why?
Your hands aren't pretty.
What is this? Pig's feet? Huh?
You're not my type either! Do you know why?
You don't know how to tell the truth! Tell the truth!
Even for one minute, you haven't thought of me?
Did you or didn't you?
I haven't.
Then, I'll teach you something.
Don't do stuff like this.
Calling a person up in the middle of the night for nothing, getting pissed off, asking me personal questions ...
Do you know what that means?
"I... am interested in you."
If you're not interested, don't do these things.
Don't make girls misunderstand.
So, did you misunderstand?
Yes. For 59 seconds, I did.
Sorry, for making you misunderstand.
♫ But for me you aren't there. ♫
♫  Don't look for me.  I've lost ♫
♫ The love which only looked for you. ♫
Hey! I hope you get a flat tire on the way!
I can't believe there are people like him!
♫  Will you remember me?  ♫
♫ If I'm alone in another world. ♫
♫ I will call your name like this.♫
♫ Yes, it's you. ♫
♫ Did you love me? ♫
Jerk.
I was just sitting at home, and he had to drag me out!
Everything is back to square one.
I've been doing fine for the past few days.
♫  I will call your name like this. ♫
I'm sorry for calling you before work.
It's okay. It was on my way.
You can tell me now.
It was a woman's voice. Were you with Kim Sam Soon?
Yeah.
Why?
She came to take her bike back.
Did you help her to bring her bicycle home?
Yeah.
Then why did you lie?
Sorry.
Why? Because you thought I would feel bad?
If you told me the truth, I would have understood.
But I felt bad the whole night.
For that too, sorry.
Say something.  Whether it's an excuse or an explanations, say something.
I'm really sorry.
If you are going to do something, at least don't get caught.
Do you think I'm letting you off? If you do this again!
You're dead!
Do you get it or not?
Go!
Did you give up on your other diet? Did you decide to start with a vegetable  diet?
Yeah.
You should've done that from the beginning.  We just spent all the money on meat.
Finished.
Oh, my stomach!
Whats the problem? Did you get food poisoning?
Yeah, it seems like it!
Why did have to just eat grass like a goat?
Do you think you'll lose weight like that?  You should do everything in moderation
If you don't know anything, just be quiet.
Do you think those are ordinary vegetables?
Those vegetables grew eating my blood tears.
You don't even know how I feel.
I can't believe he even followed in my stomach, and torment me.
Tenacious jerk.
Leaching jerk.
Hey, are you okay?
Should I get you some medicine?
No, I am just going to mentally endure it till the end...
Not taking medication is something Sam Soon would do.
Hello? Yes, Manager.
Tell them we're not taking these bell peppers.
- Hello.  How are you doing?
I'm always doing fine.  It's so boring and quiet without you here.
Is In Hye doing well?
Yes, she's doing fine. And the cakes are still purchased from the hotel.
But Sam Soon ... can I have... your sister's phone number?
Why do you want my sister's number?
Oh. I just had something to ask.
I'll put her on the phone.
Answer it.
Who is it?
Hurry, take it!
Yes. I've answered the phone.
It's me.
Who is "me"?
100-dollar-worth man.
What's going on?
Let's meet tonight!
Why?
Didn't you know that money was fake?
Fake money?
You don't need to know.
I need to report it to the police, so around 9 o'clock come to the restaurant. That's it.
How dare he try to scheme! Why would you go to the police station at 9 PM?
Sister, did something happen between you two?
What could happen?  I just used him to pass the time.
Don't talk to me about that peanut like that!
How could you eat an expensive peanutst to pass the time?
Go to the grocery store and you can buy a whole bag for a dollar.
But the Korean ones are better and more expensive.
Gosh, bringing up peanuts...
What's this?
Is my body worth this much to you?
If you are going to pay for it... at least pay the right amount.
If it's like that, pay 900 more.
Are you saying that you are worth a thousand dollars?
Am I not worth that much?
Then pay me 10,000 dollars, because that's what I'm worth.
Actually, this is mine. Now, give me the 10,000 dollars.
Where else is this kind of woman?
Hey!
What?
Are the divorcees that expensive?
No... I am expensive because I am not a virgin.
Do you know any mature women?
Mature women?
You are like a bad joke.
If I am like a bad joke, then you are stupid.
Hey... you are like a child.
How can a woman not lose at talking?!
Do they teach you to fight at home?
In order to make you a fighter, do they make you exercise all the time?
The first one looks like your mother... you are at the second place, and Sam-Soon  is a welter-weight fighter...
If you have nothing else to say, why don't you go home?
Let's drink with this money.
Do you like me?
Don't make me misunderstand. Just tell me what you first think of.
I am really sleepy, and I am hungry. But still I can't sleep...
I still have to memorize a lot of things...I want to eat Samgyupsal (pork belly meat).
I want to dip it to the oil, cook it with a little bit garlic and eat it at once.
At least one good thing happened...
Eating with someone,
sharing our thoughts.
A quote from Professor Paul.
Are you sick? You lost weight!
What do you want? First tell me what you want.
Get in.
I'll call my mom!
This will be the last time...
Past Christmas was for me the last time.
Don't you think that we should end it officially?
Last Christmas was the end for me. Don't you remember?
It's really the last time. Get in.
It's really the last time!
Where are we going?
To a nice place to celebrate our last time.
That's too tiring. Do it in our yard with my mom and sister present.
Your mom is scary!
This is really the last time! Aren't you being too much?
Fine. If you do anything weird, I won't stay put.
What is the second rule? Those who insult me, I won't let them off.
What?
-No! Not what, bathing!
-Oh, insult (sounds similar).
That bastard invited his lover to our house.
Wow, that's messed up.
So, I spilled what I was cooking all over them.
Wow, you're good enough to be Sam-soon's older sister.
Hey! You should say that Sam Soon is good enough to be my younger sister!
Oh, there it is.
Oh, it was there...
Where the heck were you?!
Let's hurry up and go.
Let's go.
What are you scheming?
You end up bringing me to a hotel room?
What do you think we're doing? We're just going to the bar.
How can I go to the bar dressed like this?
It's okay! This bar is nice! And I have a membership.
It's a good place to talk quietly.
Let's go somewhere else.
Why? Because of that guy?
You said it was a fake relationship.
Does it bother you?
Anyways, let's go somewhere else.
I don't know anywhere else. Get off.
This won't do, let's go somewhere else.
We end up meeting each other often.
We're going to have some drinks at the bar.
Do you want to go with us?
Are you taking the next one?
Your restaurant is doing well right?
Of course.
Sam Soon suddenly resigned, so it must be difficult on you.
There aren't only one or two patissiers.
But, do you think they can match Korea's best patisserie, Sam Soon?
I don't need a patissier who cheats.
After confessing her love to a man,
meeting her old boyfriend is cheating.
It is going to be difficult to find a new job.
I have told most of the places.
That you a person who quits when we don't even have a replacement.
Irresponsible person.
When are you going to lend me your patisserie.
Why? I thought you were going to ask Chris personally?
He said he can't without your approval.
Give up the restaurant and come work under me.
I'm getting tired too.
Please give one patisserie.
I heard there are some people who are interested in purchasing your restaurant.
President Kim's youngest daughter...
Let me borrow him, President Na!
This ill-mannered bastard.
I'm not in a good situation right now!
What is it?
Let's get married.
I said let's get married.
Crazy guy! What about your Chae Ri?
If you accept, I'll cancel.
You? Cancel?
Saying a bunch of BS.
Hey! Why don't you believe what I say?
Ok! I'll believe you!
But first, cancel your engagement!
Cancel the engagement and Chae Ri comes to me crying, and pulling my hair. After I see that with my own two eyes.,
then I'll accept you.  You understand?
Seriously? If I cancel it, will you really accept me?
You won't cancel it.
Do you know why?
Because there is no such thing as truth in your DNA.
What to do?
Even Professor Hwang, so can't fix that.
You're not my type either.
Do you know why?
You can't tell the truth.
Tell the truth.
Even for one moment, have you never thought of me?
Was there or not?
I have never seen love as something easy.
Whether there were a lot of hormones or...
I sincerely want to open up.
Sincerely.
I've come to like you!
Then Mt. Halla...
Why did you say you wanted to go to Mt. Halla with me?
You know...that means, "I like you". Did you know that?
Okay. I will cancel the engagement immediately.
Then, call right now.
It's a little late right now.
Isn't this the best time for players?
If it's too much, you want me to do it for me?
Huh?
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hello, is it you Chae-ri?
What are you ...
I really wasn't going to go this far, but
your fiance is messing around with me so much.
I'm tired of it.
Whether you break his legs with a bamboo stick,
please make him into a human being.
Oh... Hold on... I'll put him on...
Hey Kim Sam Soon!
How dare you yell?
Don't touch my woman's stuff.
I said not to meet other men.
Have you not paid the money back?
Should I pay him back?
What's wrong?
Hey, let go!
What are you making a mess? Do I look that easy to you? Am I your toy?
You jerk. I told you not to make me misunderstand. I told you not to say a bunch of nonsense.
If I pay back the money everything is fine! I will pay it back!
Who do you see me as? I mistook you for a decent person.
Let go!
Did you take drugs?
No.
Then, did you drink?
Then, is this a mistake?
No.
Then what is it?
Do you want to have an affair like Min Hyun Woo?
Don't compare me to that bastard.
You're the same... No, you're worse.
I said that's not it!
Then what is it?!
I've come to like you!
I like you!
I keep thinking of you. It drives me crazy!
Why did you have to come inside my head and bother me?
Why?! You might as well get lost.
Alright, I'll get lost.
Cancel the last thing I said.
Who the heck are you to scream at me?
Did I piss you off?
How much did I bother you...
What good did you do? What good did you do that can yell at me like this?!
Sorry.
I said I was sorry.
Stop. This is the men's restroom.
That's why.
Why of all places here?
You know how much I suffered here.
I don't expect much, but why here of all places?!
Okay. Sorry.
Why is it so hard?
Huh?
If you like, then you like. And if you don't like, then you don't like.
Why is it so difficult and complicated?
It's tiring.
I'm seriously tired to death.
Today, it isn't black tears.
Then, this late at night I have to come out with makeup on?
What's going to happen to Hee Jin?
It pisses me off.
The thing that upsets me the most is cheating.
It's me, Yoo Hee Jin.
You believe those words?
I want to believe them.
How many times do I have to say you're just a game?
So you still want to believe him?
Yes. I still want to believe him.
Can you give it to me?
So?
Really?
Are you really done?
Going and coming back, I'll start over.
Wait.